This is my cs50 project. It is a personal webpage using Jekyll and Github Pages. In this website, I can post blogs about my life and other things I find interesting. Currently, This website has four pages: my old website, computer science, school, and typing. My old website has the website that I used for the cs50 homepage assignment. The computer science website had information about computer science and talked about why I liked it so much. The school website talked about the classes I am in and about my experience in school. Finally, the typing website talks about one of my old hobbies, which was speed typing. I also had a tutor to help me for this final project because there were a lot of technical issues I had (mostly with github as I am not too familiar with it).
Some design choices I had to make were:
1. The idea. I got the idea of a personal webpage because it would help me in the future, not only for this class.
2. The tools. I chose Jekyll and Github pages because it was a simple way to make my own blog website.
3. The Jekyll theme. I chose a theme called Beautiful Jekyll because the default theme looked a bit too basic for me and Beautiful Jekyll was the best free theme I could find.
4. The web design. In computer studies class in my school we had a unit on web design and a lot of the lessons there helped in this website. The differences can be seen when my first website from the homepage problem is compared to my latest page.
This project took a lot longer than I thought. One of the main reasons for this is that I found myself having a hard time understanding the Jekyll documentation, so whenever I had an error, I had to wait until I had a session with my tutor for help. Another reason for this is that before I could start making the website, I needed to understand the basics of git and also how Markdown works. This took more time than I expected it to take and along with some configuration issues, my website was made later than I wanted. However, I am still proud of what I acomplished when making this.
